Now we're ready to deploy our lambda function.
And for that purpose I'm going to go back to my lambda functions dot PI and I'm going to create my method
to deploy my lambda function and I should note that I'm going to develop this method in a generic way
as much as possible I can to make use of it while deploying.
No.
And Joel Lamda So let's just say create or to say deploy a lambda function.
All right.
So for this generic method I'm going to pass in a function name.
This is going to be identifier for my function.
And of course I'm going to need a run time for my function.
Iturbi No Yes Python or Java.
I'm going to need that runtime and I want to pass it in to my method so I can create other lambda functions.
And also as I mentioned in our previous lecture I'm going to need a handler method to be the starting
point for my lambda function and also I'm going to have to give my Alynda function the role as Ron Deadeye
just created right here.
All right.
So let's just say roll air in.
And finally I'm going to provide the sources to my lambda function the actual code to be executed to
be invoked on AWOS.
So I'll pass it in the folder path for my source code.
So let's just say sourceforge.
All right.
So the first thing that I have to do is to read the files from the source folder to packaged him as
a lambda function.
So let's just say folder path and within that folder path I'm going to read the files as the Oist walking
principles.
So I'm going to go up and I'm going to import the path from OS.
So let's just say from OS import path.
All right so now let's just go down and move on with her implementation.
Number two say path that join and I'm going to pass in the directory name and I'm going to get the absolute
path to my directory so I can get the source files under my Python underscore lambda and I'm going to
get that directory name with the file annotation.
And then of course I'm going to pass in the source directory name.
All right.
So with this way I'm going to get all the files under my Python underscore lambda function.
So with this method with this way you can basically create your lambda functions with all the proper
resources under the same folder structure.
And I'm going to show you in a minute how you can read everything under that directory.
This is just a starting point to get that path.
All right so now let's go to an important part for reading the lambda function resource files or source
codes.
In this case.
So for that purpose for our Lenda function to be properly created as a package for AWOS to understand
it we're going to have to create a zip package or a compressed binary file.
And for that purpose I'm going to create a utility method so I can make use of that method with my notes
G-S and met with my Jawa lambda functions.
So for that purpose I'm going to say zip underscore file and I'm going to create a class called your
tills and within that class I'm going to have a method and I'm just improvising right now as you can
see and I'm going to provide implementation in a minute.
Now I'm saying make zip file bytes.
All right.
So for that method I'm going to pass in the path and for that path it is going to be the folder path.
So in this method in this makes zip file bite's method what I'm going to do is I'm going to access all
the files under that directory under the directory that I provided as the source folder and I'm going
to create a zip package of those files on for us to be processed properly.
So with this way I'll be easily create my lambda functions just by putting all the resources under the
same directory.